Fix router documentation for `druid.router.sql.enable` (#11716)
apache/druid: docs/design/router.md

> JavaScript-based functionality is disabled by default. Please refer to the Druid [JavaScript programming guide](../development/javascript.md) for guidelines about using Druid's JavaScript functionality, including instructions on how to enable it.

> ### Routing of SQL queries using Strategies

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Routing of SQL queries using strategies
```
l/c : strategies is not a feature name.

To enable routing of SQL queries using strategies, set `druid.router.sql.enable` to `true`. The broker service for a
given SQL query is resolved using only the provided Router strategies. If not resolved using any of the strategies, the
Router uses the `defaultBrokerServiceName`. This behavior is slightly different from native queries where the Router
first tries to resolve the broker service using strategies, then load rules and finally using the `defaultBrokerServiceName`
if still not resolved. When `druid.router.sql.enable` is set to `false` (default value), the Router uses the
`defaultBrokerServiceName`.

> Setting `druid.router.sql.enable` does not affect either Avatica JDBC requests or Native Queries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Setting `druid.router.sql.enable` does not affect either Avatica JDBC requests or native queries.
```

> Native queries are always routed using strategies and load rules as explained above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Druid always routes native queries using the strategies and load rules as documented.
```
better to avoid positional reference

> Avatica JDBC requests are always routed based on connection ID as explained in the next section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Druid always routes Avatica JDBC requests based on connection ID.
```
Think it's OK not to mention "the next section" since it follows immediately.
